Hyacinth Chibueze Okoro.

Most of the projects carried out in the software developement environment
requires collaboration and teamwork involving diffrent contributions, changes
and additions from participants and developers in the project. In this case,
a system is needed to keep track of all modifications to a project by 
participants and developers, when the modifications were made, by whom and for 
what purpose.
The system that does this assignment is the Version Control System. An example
of a Version Control System is Git.

The Version Control System or Git allows developers in a project to have full access
to the project and project history. This provides so many advantages
to the developers and team members and some of these advantages includes;
1. Enabling developers to see the entire history of modifications to the 
    project so as to follow up on all changes and decisions quickly.
2. Allowing businesses using Version Control Systems like Git to break down barriers 
    in communication between team member while also making it possible for
    experts accross a business to collaborate on major projects even if they 
    work in different time zones.

For example, consider a team taxed with the responsibility of developing an 
Enterprise Resource Management software which requires so many components
and functions, Git will enable each team member to have a full copy of the
project, follow all progress and changes made in the process of building the 
software and make timely contributions as they collaborate to execute the 
project.
Developers use some basic Git commands to create and make modifications to
their projects as they work on a project. Some of these commands includes;
1. git status: which shows the status of changes made to a project.
2. git commit: which saves a virtual copy to the project history and completes
    the change-tacking process.
and a lot more commands.

With Git, collaboration in software developement is better, easier and more
meaninful.